GLOSSARY.md, before:

## Altcoin
 Alternative cryptocurrency launched after Bitcoin. Ethereum is sometimes not considered an altcoin due to its large market cap.
## ATH 
All Time High. This is the highest price a coin has ever reached.
## Cold Storage 
A cryptocurrency wallet that is offline and detached from the internet. These are used for their increased security and difficulty of hacking. 
## dApp
Distributed Application
## Fiat
Currency that is a government issued legal tender such as US Dollar, Euro, or Yen
## FOMO
 Fear of Missing Out
## Fork 
The splitting of one blockchain into two or more blockchains. Blockchains can fork due to community disagreement over a critical decision on how to upgrade or modify the original blockchain.
## FUD
Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt. Media coverage or news that lowers investor interest
##FUDster
one who spreads FUD ( fear, uncertainty, and doubt)
##HODL
To hold on to and not sell a cryptocurrency. This is online slang that originated from this post on [Bitcointalk](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=375643.0).
##ICO
A type of crowdfunding called an Initial Coin Offering
## Market Cap
Total market value of a given token. This is found by multiplying the price of a coin by the number of coins available. 
## Mooning
A cryptocurrency whose price is expected to climb very high. 
## POS
A distributed consensus technique called proof of stack
## POW
A distributed consensus technique called proof of work. This is the technique that Bitcoin miners use. 
## Satoshi
The first name of the founder of Bitcoin. Also the smallest denomination of bitcoin.
## Wallet
Software program that is used to store the private and public keys that allow users to send cryptocurrencies to other users. 
## Whale
A person or entity that has a large amount of cryptocurrency. This entity usually can have large influence on the market price of a coin.

Commit message:

Added new words
51% attack, AML, ASIC, Block

GLOSSARY.md, after:

## 51% Attack
An attack launched by a person or group that controls >50% of the mining nodes on the blockchain network. By controlling the majority of the computing power, the user or group can manipulate any aspect of the ledger that they wish thereby breaching its integrity. 
## Altcoin
 Alternative cryptocurrency launched after Bitcoin. Ethereum is sometimes not considered an altcoin due to its large market cap.
## AML
AML, Anti money laundering is a series of government regulations meant to “detect and report suspicious activity” related to money laundering and terrorist financing.  [Source](http://www.finra.org/industry/aml)
## ASIC
ASICs, Application Specific Integrated Circuits, are integrated circuits that are designed for specific use cases, such as hyper-efficient cryptocurrency mining systems. ASICs provide much better performance than GPUs or CPUs. 
## ATH 
All Time High. This is the highest price a coin has ever reached.
## Block
Blocks represent portions of a distributed ledger in which data is recorded. The blockchain itself is a collection of these smaller blocks linked together. In the Bitcoin blockchain, these blocks contain a list of transactions that were made during that block.
## Cold Storage 
A cryptocurrency wallet that is offline and detached from the internet. These are used for their increased security and difficulty of hacking. 
## dApp
Distributed Application
## Fiat
Currency that is a government issued legal tender such as US Dollar, Euro, or Yen
## FOMO
 Fear of Missing Out
## Fork 
The splitting of one blockchain into two or more blockchains. Blockchains can fork due to community disagreement over a critical decision on how to upgrade or modify the original blockchain.
## FUD
Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt. Media coverage or news that lowers investor interest
##FUDster
one who spreads FUD ( fear, uncertainty, and doubt)
##HODL
To hold on to and not sell a cryptocurrency. This is online slang that originated from this post on [Bitcointalk](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=375643.0).
##ICO
A type of crowdfunding called an Initial Coin Offering
## Market Cap
Total market value of a given token. This is found by multiplying the price of a coin by the number of coins available. 
## Mooning
A cryptocurrency whose price is expected to climb very high. 
## POS
A distributed consensus technique called proof of stack
## POW
A distributed consensus technique called proof of work. This is the technique that Bitcoin miners use. 
## Satoshi
The first name of the founder of Bitcoin. Also the smallest denomination of bitcoin.
## Wallet
Software program that is used to store the private and public keys that allow users to send cryptocurrencies to other users. 
## Whale
A person or entity that has a large amount of cryptocurrency. This entity usually can have large influence on the market price of a coin.
